the apply_to_goal and apply_tactic need to work together to produce the next proofgoal! remember we have tactics that result in local proof context, for example when proving implication we have make the precedence a local assumption and then try to prove the antecedent. We also tactics that manages cases of subgoals, so maybe the ProofGoal's goal and tactic should be tied together? think about it a proofnode is produced only by apply tactics on the previous one, a proofnode is only responsible for its preceeding one. So if a tactic is a to proof induction for example, it is suppose to open up a local context and introduce multiple induction cases and a at least 2 variables expression "k" and "k + 1", in order to let the following proofnode know we have opened a new local proof scope, the current proofnode should manage a series of new proofnode, that's right a proofnode that has no goal by itself but a series of proofnode as components (not as children!) and connect the child components using And connectives. Oh wait, maybe there is only 2 kinds of special local proof scope:
1. first is breaking the Vec in And and Or statement into parallel subgoals,  SplitConjunction and SplitConjunction tactics should contain the list of proofnode each containing a subgoal. They are also responsible for combining and checking the proofstate of the subgoals! Maybe case analysis and the result of apply induction is in this category.
2. Second is local assumption context where the resulting proofnode may look the same as other proofnode, but we know it has a fake assumption that cannot be leaked out to more following step than required, so we need a terminating step to end the local context, or we can just separate the proof of this implication and the subsequent step after the implication is proven and. assumption disappeared.

now how to redesign proofNode?
